Now we will come to one of the most important parts of our tutorials.
And remember that when you launch a public easy to instance with a startup script startup script is
right here and I'm going to show you.
Yeah.
This is the startup script that we added as the user data on our public.
Easy to instance and that startup script has to be greeting us when we try to access our easy to instance.
Hello from both L3 using Python and does scripts should be available under indexed.
DML and it should be served also from the HTP the server on my PC to instance.
So to verify that.
Let's go to a AWOS and see if we can access our public easy to instance and let's just hit refresh.
And this is our public easy to instance as we can see with the public IP address and we already checked
in the earlier video.
Let's just copy the IP address and let's open a new tab and let's just hit enter to see if we can access
this easy to instance.
And here we go.
This is the great payoff of our efforts on A W-S using Python and both all three with our extensor architecture
using public subnets private subnets and they are specific route tables and Internet gateways.
We were able to allow our machine from public subnet and lounge machine from public subnet to be able
to be accessed from the Internet.
And as you can see our startup script is working just as we expected and with this way you can define
any kind of startup scripts within your easy two instances to be use so that you can do preparation
work before launching your E.C two instances on a W-S.
So I'm really happy to have you displaying this message on AWOS because this is the actual pay off of
our AWOS implementation.
As you can see here you had a great implementation made up of us from our PC two subnets and other resources
and we can see that our efforts are paid off and we can see our message on our web page from our easy
to instances on a W-S.